Yes, I can't live like this.
I came back to my reality,
and I finally became a police officer too.
But without Soo Jin, my life is meaningless.
Soo Jin.
I will turn everything around.
I will change this no matter what it takes...
to get you back.
What?
What is this?
Where did the manhole go?
What's...
What's going on?
Who did this? Who?
Who did this and why?
Where did the manhole go?
He must be crazy.
Don't go near him. There are a lot of weird people.
It's past midnight.
Does this mean I can't get in there anymore?
(Episode 12, Love, the unknown)
I decided on her.
We have the same taste in a daughter-in-law.
I liked her the best too.
I'm glad...
you like her too.
She looks so nice,
and she works at a bank, so she has a secure job.
And both her parents are in education,
so I'm sure she was brought up very well.
Above all, I love how she wants to have...
children as soon as possible.
I mean, it's about time we had grandchildren.
You're right.
If anything, Pil is one good looking kid,
so I'm sure our grandchild will be good looking too.
And look at her, she's way above average.
Their kids will be really pretty.
I'm already looking forward to seeing them.
Hey, Pil.
- Look at this photo... - No.
Fine. I won't see you either.
I'll never see you again, you brat.
My goodness.
Wait.
(Manholes that disappeared.)
(Your search did not match anything.)
(Replacing manholes)
(Eunha-gu replaces and removes faulty manholes.)
Nothing comes up.
I need to find out why it's gone,
so I can come up with a plan.
Goodness.
Who manages the manholes?
Yes, the borough office.
That's right. Seok Tae works there.
Hi, what's up?
Hey, Seok Tae. I need to ask you...
about the manholes in my neighborhood.
Can we talk?
Don't you know I get off work at 6pm?
Call during the office hours.
Hey, Seok Tae. Hey!
I have to wait until tomorrow.
Darn it.
I heard you went to the hospital.
Yes. Did you hear it from the police officer?
Yes.
Jae Hyun.
I'm going through so much because of you.
I can't eat or sleep these days.
I feel like I'm going to die...
So?
Will you bother me like this forever?
Jae Hyun.
Young Ju, I have a family.
Please stop.
Jae Hyun.
Do you love her more than me?
I know you don't.
Jae Hyun.
We have wonderful memories together.
Did I make some kind of mistake?
That's why you married her, isn't it?
No. I really love my wife.
You can't even imagine how much I love her.
What?
If you have the time to follow me around,
use it to get treated.
Jae Hyun.
If you want to park your car,
be quiet and stay still.
What are you thinking about?
Did you have a good run?
You're back early.
Sit down. Let's have breakfast.
Okay.
Why did you prepare so much food?
It's too much work for you. Keep it simple.
No. You should have a hearty breakfast.
I made squid soup. Your favorite.
Try it.
It's good.
Why are you looking at me like that?
What? It's nothing.
I love watching you eat so deliciously.
You should eat too.
Okay.
Wait. I don't have my cellphone.
What?
Did you leave it in the room?
No, I had it with me.
I had it in my pocket.
I must've dropped it while I was jogging.
I'll call your phone.
- Your call is being... - Not picking up.
forwarded to...
Just leave it. I'll call it later.
Let's eat.
Okay.
- Have a good day at work. - Thanks.
- Drive safe. - Okay. Bye.
This is Jae Hyun's number.
Hello?
Hello. Yes.
I found this phone.
I'm calling you because...
this number showed up as the most recent call.
It's my husband's phone. Thank you.
I'll come pick it up now. Where are you?
Where is she?
Are you the one who lost your phone?
Yes, it's me.
Here.
It was sitting on a bench.
Thank you.
How can I repay you?
Don't worry about it.
I live around here too.
Neighbors should help each other.
I see.
I'll buy you lunch when I see you next time.
All right.
I'll get going then.
Thanks again.
- Bye. - Bye.
Hello?
Officer Bong, where are you?
Well...
There are people fighting in the street.
I'm trying to stop them.
Excuse me. Sir! Please stop...
Okay.
Take care of it and get back soon.
I'll be there as soon as I take care of this.
- Excuse me. - Yes?
Jo Seok Tae works here, doesn't he?
Jo Seok Tae.
Yes, he's with civil construction department.
Where is civil construction department?
Over there.
Okay. Thank you.
Seok Tae.
Hey.
Are you with civil construction department?
There you go.
Thanks.
I feel so relieved because you work...
for the civil construction department.
I believe the divine being is helping me.
What's the favor you need to ask me?
The manhole near the tunnel,
why did that get removed all of a sudden?
That manhole?
There were too many complaints.
People heard weird noises...
and some said they saw ghosts.
That's why we blocked it.
Hey.
Who believes in ghosts anymore?
How can you block it because of complaints?
Since when were the police interested in manholes?
Seok Tae.
Listen carefully.
I'm not lying.
I'm very serious.
You have to believe me.
It's hard to believe, isn't it?
I know.
I wouldn't believe me if I were you.
But Seok Tae,
these unbelievable things are happening to me.
Okay. So...
you ride this manhole...
and travel in time.
I've been going back and forth in time.
Anyway, Seon Tae.
I need the manhole to travel time again.
Can you restore the manhole please?
Hey, be honest.
What?
You made a bet with Goo Gil...
on whether I trust you or not, right?
What are you talking about?
I'm serious now.
I'm not the old Seok Tae anymore.
Don't even think about fooling me.
I have so much work to do as is.
What nonsense are you talking about?
Go, you punk.
Hey, Seok Tae.
Let go of me, and just go.
Seok Tae!
Trust me already!
It's driving me crazy.
Then again,
it's hard to believe that I'm a time traveler.
How should I persuade him?
What?
Why are you doing this to me?
What is going on?
Sir.
- Are you okay? - Please go catch him.
Stop right there!
Hey, you! Stop!
Sergeant Choi.
There has been an assault.
- Goodness. - Please stay still.
What did I do to deserve this in broad daylight?
Please calm down.
He got away.
How is the victim?
He was passing by this tunnel,
and the assailant beat him up for no reason.
So many incidents happen in this tunnel.
Did you see what he looks like?
No, I chased him from behind, so I couldn't.
Let's go to the office first.
Yes, sir.
Wait.
There's something here.
It looks like a broken part of an ornament.
This might be a piece of evidence,
so let's take it and hand it over.
Yes, sir.
While you're at it, clean the menu too.
Let's set the utensil container again.
Hey, Ms. Yun.
What brings you here?
It's been a while since I saw you carrying that bag.
- Are you busy? - No.
We haven't opened, so I'm not that busy.
Is that so?
Then shall we go out for lunch together?
Sure.
Let's go.
Thank you.
- Enjoy. - Thank you.
They serve delicious noodles here.
It's on me, so eat a lot.
It's good.
I guess you didn't pack Jae Hyun a lunchbox today.
He seemed to have a lunch meeting today.
Soo Jin.
You two look great together.
I want my marriage life to be like yours.
Why did you bring your camera today?
I was feeling a little down,
so I wanted to take photos and refresh myself.
Why would you feel down?
You're happy every day.
Jin Sook.
It's nothing serious,
but Jae Hyun...
He had an argument with some man...
regarding the parking problem yesterday.
The man was pretty aged.
But Jae Hyun acted rudely and yelled at him.
That felt a little...
Jae Hyun did?
- That's unexpected. - Right?
I was so surprised.
He didn't feel like the Jae Hyun I know.
He felt like a stranger to me all of a sudden.
It may happen for men when they get angry.
Seok Tae looks all nice too,
but he's scary when he's mad.
- Really? - And...
Jae Hyun isn't a person to do such a thing.
That man must've started the fight.
And you must know when to be angry.
Otherwise, others would look down on you.
- Is that right? - I thought...
something bad happened.
Don't worry,
and let's enjoy our noodles.
- I see. - There have been...
a lot of assault cases...
targeting unspecified individuals recently.
The incidents caused by uncontrolled anger...
are becoming a social issue.
Last night, on a street in Seoul,
an assailant beat up an innocent civilian...
without any reason.
- The 47-year-old man... - Is it good?
was injured.
- He's been hospitalized. - What a world.
The assailant committed violence against...
the victim who was walking off guard.
- Why does it have to... - He wasn't captured in...
- be in our neighborhood? - nearby security cameras.
- How annoying. - Due to lack of evidence,
the police can't seem to locate the culprit.
It happened in that tunnel again.
Again?
Incidents keep happening in our district.
It's become a crime-ridden area.
Officer Bong,
did you hurt your leg?
- Yes. - Goodness.
You're going through a lot.
Leave work for today. We'll handle the rest.
Okay. Call me if you need me.
Okay. Bye.
- Goodbye. - See you.
Sir, you need to be at the meeting by 3pm.
Mr. Kim.
- Yes? - Do me a favor.
Jung Ae.
I've made some flyers. Check this out.
You didn't have to do this.
What do you think about the phrase?
It'll be a hit if we hand these out.
I'll hand them out at the intersection.
Hello.
Welcome. How may I help you?
Do you do delivery too?
Sure. How many do you need?
I would like to order 40 cups.
40 cups?
Where should I deliver them?
(Hong Juice)
Don't you have to watch your store?
No, I'm all right.
You can't deliver 40 cups alone.
It's better to be together than alone.
I'll help you.
(Director Oh Dal Soo)
Hello.
Gosh, this company is huge.
The female employees are all pretty and fancy.
Those shoes are expensive.
Jung Ae.
You're so much prettier.
By the way, how did they know about my place?
You got an order as soon as...
I made the flyers.
You didn't even hand them out yet.
Anyway, I guess there's always a way out.
I should make them my regulars.
Let's deliver them to the meeting room.
Let's go.
Hello, it's Hong Juice.
Come in.
I'd appreciate it if you place one at each seat.
Don't worry.
Thank you so much for making an order.
Call me whenever you have meetings.
We'll deliver it to you whether it's 40 or 100.
That's... It wasn't me who bought them.
It was the director's order.
I only did as I was told.
The director?
Come in.
Excuse me.
Is the director inside?
Hello, sir.
We're from Hong Juice.
I heard you went out of your way to order...
from our business, so we came to say thanks.
Oh, you're welcome.
It's fine.
We'd like to thank you face to face.
Oh, I'm sorry.
I am not comfortable talking to strangers.
You're a very picky customer.
Oh, I see.
Thank you anyway.
Yes, do call us again.
I'll leave one of our flyers here.
You can call us directly instead of sending a guy.
Goodbye, then.
Goodbye.
(Ah Ri Love)
Why would a director of a company read comics?
My gosh, hello. We meet again.
Yes.
It must be because we live in the same neighborhood.
It must be fate that we meet so often.
You must be right.
Are you a photographer?
Oh, it's only a hobby nowadays.
I also take photographs as a hobby.
I'm very glad to meet you.
Really?
Then did you major in photography?
No.
I take them personally.
Since we meet so often,
why don't we go out to take pictures together?
I'd be more than happy to.
Things get pretty boring if you go out by yourself.
Oh, did you say it was your husband's phone?
- Yes. - You look pretty young.
Did you two get married recently?
Oh, yes. We're still newlyweds.
You must be happy.
Yes, of course.
I forgot to ask you for your name.
I'm Park Young Ju.
Oh, Park Young Ju.
I'm Kang Soo Jin.
Okay.
Do you want to see the pictures I took?
Gosh, look at this, and I didn't get to the manhole.
Gosh, that hurts.
Pil,
forget about the past as of today,
and return as my friend.
Okay?
So why don't we shake hands?
Let's have a great haul, my friend.
Hey, Pil. Are you working?
Yes.
Hey.
What's with your leg?
I fell.
What? Let me see that.
Hey, are you all right?
Look, you're bleeding.
Did you go to a hospital?
My gosh.
I asked you if you went to the hospital.
I don't have to go to a hospital for this.
It'll heal itself in time.
What are you saying?
You should've at least given yourself first aid.
It's nothing, I'm really fine, so you should go.
You aren't okay.
I can't let you go. Follow me.
- Hey. - Hurry.
- Soo Jin. - Hurry up.
Come on.
Jae Hyun.
Are you coming back from lunch?
Yes.
Why are you two here together?
Pil hurt his leg,
but he won't go see a doctor.
So I brought him here.
Can you treat him?
Really?
I'm fine, really. I'll get going now.
Where do you think you're going?
Aren't you going to listen to me?
Why don't you come in? Let me take a look.
Go on.
Go inside. Hurry.
How is he? Isn't this bad?
I told you that you should go see a doctor.
You don't have to go see a doctor.
Put on antibiotic ointment on it often.
You'll be fine in a few days, so don't worry.
You heard him.
Make sure you don't forget to put it on.
How much do I owe you?
You don't need to pay him.
I brought you here.
Right, Jae Hyun?
Hey, if your wound doesn't heal,
make sure you go see a doctor.
Okay, I will.
[VIU Ver] Episode 12 Manhole "Please Open the Manhole"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Why didn't he even thank you?
Thanks, my dear.
Sure.
Right, I found your cell phone.
Look.
Where did you find it?
It was apparently at the park.
One of our neighbors found it for us.
Hello, this is sewerage control.
I was taking a walk at the park,
and I keep hearing weird sound in the manhole.
Pardon? What kind of sound?
It kind of sounds like a person,
or it might be an animal.
Anyway, it's really scary, so please take a look.
Yes, sure.
Was that a complaint?
Yes, she's hearing weird sounds from a manhole.
Is that the one at the park?
Did you get a similar call?
That's uncanny.
I got a complaint a few days ago that said...
they saw a weird light coming from the manhole.
But I didn't see anything when I got there.
It's that manhole again.
Is there a ghost in that manhole or something?
There's no such thing.
I'll check it tonight.
Okay.
My gosh.
It looks fine.
Goodness, what's wrong with the lamp?
Let's see.
I don't see anything weird.
Goodness, what's going on?
What? What is this?
What's going on?
What's this?
Gosh, I'm curious.
- Goodness. - What on earth?
What is this? What's going on?
My goodness.
What is this?
No!
Goodness.
Is Pil really traveling in time through that manhole?
Hi, Jin Sook.
No, I'm not busy. I should be done by 6pm.
Yes.
It's yummy. Do you want some?
No, you finish it.
I'm full just watching you eat.
Seok Tae, why were you angry earlier?
That?
I think Pil used me...
to make a bet with Goo Gil.
A bet? What bet?
Pil told me he...
was traveling in time through a manhole.
What kind of nonsense is that?
I don't know.
I think they're trying to see...
whether I'd believe that or not.
Pil thinks I'm an idiot.
Gosh, that jerk.
Do you want me to hit him?
It's okay.
But...
there's this one thing.
Remember when I told you about...
that weird moment at the manhole?
- Yes, that manhole that's been removed? - Yes.
Don't you think it's possible that...
it might do something strange...
and make you travel in time?
Seok Tae.
You're too innocent.
That's why Pil always gets you.
I told you.
You were seeing things because you were tired.
It's nonsense, right?
Seok Tae. From now on only listen...
to what I say, got it?
Okay.
Eat up. You're so cute.
What's wrong?
It's strange.
Hey, are you okay?
Goodness. Blood...
Did you go to the hospital?
Soo Jin.
We decided to stay as friends.
Why can't I do that?
I have to get over you.
But it's hard.
I must not be ready to accept the fact...
that you're married.
The manhole is gone.
What should I do now?
(Soo Jin)
(Pil, are you okay?)
Pil, are you okay?
Yes.
(Pil, are you okay?)
A text message isn't enough.
(I'm okay.)
(I'm okay. Don't worry.)
I'm okay. Don't worry.
- Who was that? - It was Pil.
He says he's better thanks to you.
- Soo Jin. - Yes?
Have you ever liked Pil?
What?
It seemed like he liked you a lot.
I wondered how you felt about him.
Did you ever like him as a guy?
What are you saying?
Pil is just a friend.
Is he?
I feel like you don't think of him as a friend.
What do you mean, Jae Hyun?
The way you look at Pil.
Your behavior.
It seems a bit different.
Jae Hyun, you got it wrong.
To me,
Pil is no different from Jin Sook or Jung Ae.
He lived next door since we were young,
so we were like family.
I guess that's why we seemed close.
- Really? - Yes.
I trust you.
I don't think you'd disappoint me.
Of course not.
We're out of kiwi. It's your favorite.
- I'll go get more. - It's okay.
I'll get it.
Where did you find it?
It was apparently at the park.
One of our neighbors found it for us.
Here you go.
What are you looking at?
I was just looking at your pictures.
Who is this woman?
She's the one who found your phone.
I bumped into her yesterday...
when I was taking pictures.
I see.
Hey.
Seok Tae.
Pil. What are you doing here?
Have you been waiting for me?
Seok Tae.
I have nobody else to help me.
Let's have a talk, please.
About what?
It's about that again, isn't it?
- No. Go home. - It's real.
How can I make you to believe me?
Shall I kneel before you?
No. Stop. Just go home.
Hey, Seok Tae.
Please help me.
Why won't you help your friend?
Hey, please save me. Seok Tae.
- Seok Tae. - No. Just leave.
Hey, Seok Tae.
Jo Seok Tae!
- Listen to me! - Is he crazy?
- Open the door! - Hey. Be quiet. Go home!
Hey!
Oh, my gosh.
What should I do?
No.
I really love my wife.
You can't even imagine how much I love her.
We're still newlyweds.
You must be happy.
Oh, sure.
Jae Hyun.
Jae Hyun!
Miss, open the door.
Something's going on inside,
but she won't open the door.
- What should we do? - Miss.
What's going on inside?
Don't you know anything?
Miss, we know you're inside, so open the door.
- Goodness. - What should we do?
Goodness.
Miss, please open the door.
Miss, open the door.
Gosh, why won't this break?
Seok Tae,
if you can't do it, I'll do it myself.
It's the patrol office.
- Hello? - Well,
I'm sorry to call you when you left work.
It's okay. What's the matter?
The woman who lived in seclusion last time.
People heard breaking sounds in her room.
Can you go check?
Well...
Now?
I'll go if it's uncomfortable for you.
No, it's okay.
I'll go check now.
Sorry, Mr. Bong.
I'll treat you to a meal next time. Thanks.
No problem.
I need Seok Tae to restore the manhole.
Why do I have so many things to do?
Jae Hyun.
Let's go somewhere and talk.
Can't we just talk here?
Jae Hyun.
What? Why is Jae Hyun here?
Hold on.
Jae Hyun. Don't be like this.
You didn't take it seriously...
because I was being nice, did you?
Why are you showing up in front of Soo Jin?
- Well? - What do you mean?
You took my phone to meet Soo Jin, didn't you?
What were you going to say to her?
No.
I was just curious...
what she was like. That's all.
Please...
I was just...
Jae...
Jae Hyun...
You know how I become when I get mad.
Jae...
If you try to see her once again,
I won't let it slide, so you better behave.
Where have you been?
What do you want?
I went to Young Ju's house a while ago...
and saw you take her somewhere.
So?
Didn't you say you two broke up?
I met her because I had something to say.
You could've just said it in front of her house.
Why did you take her somewhere?
And you forced her to get in.
I'm on my way back after taking her to her house.
What are you suspecting?
Are you worried I might cheat on Soo Jin?
Who knows...
what you scheme in secret?
You said Young Ju was a stalker. Is it true?
Or is it because you're cutting her off?
Think however you'd like.
You won't believe me anyway.
I hope you don't say anything foolish to her...
and cause a misunderstanding.
Why do I feel like he isn't a friend to you?
What do you mean?
The way you look at Pil.
Your behavior.
It seems a bit different.
(Pil)
Hi, Pil. What's up?
Soo Jin, do you have a moment?
I need to talk to you.
Now?
No, I'm busy.
Talk to me on the phone.
It's not something that I can talk on the phone.
Spare me some time.
It'll be just for a moment.
Sitting here makes me feel great.
The other kids don't know about it.
I discovered this place.
It's your seat now.
Really?
Of course.
I won't let others sit on here.
I lost my chance...
to tell you.
Because you were always beside me,
I thought I'd be able to tell you...
whenever I made up my mind to say...
that I...
like you.
I should've said it...
on the beach that day.
But I couldn't tell you.
I regret it so much.
All right.
Let's get married.
What?
You said everything will go back to normal...
once you travel time through the manhole.
So let's get married.
When things go back to how they used to be,
what will I be like?
Well...
Just...
You'll be just the same.
You'll be waiting for me.
Preparing for our wedding.
A lot of things happened right here with you.
There is no one beside me,
but you already have someone else beside you.
Pil.
Hey, you're here.
Why did you want to see me?
Oh, well...
To be honest, today...
Soo Jin.
Did you know a lot about Jae Hyun before marriage?
What are you talking about all of a sudden?
I was wondering...
if you got married to him after getting to know him.
What are you trying to say?
I'll be frank.
I'm not entirely sure if he's a good man.
He may be good to you on the surface,
but I'm sure there is something you don't know.
Pil.
Jae Hyun is my husband.
I probably know...
more about him than you ever will.
Right.
- But Soo Jin... - I asked you, remember?
Please respect my decision.
You doing this...
really doesn't help me in any way.
Are you saying this...
because you want my marriage to fall apart?
It's not like that.
I wish for your happiness more than anyone.
How can I do that?
If you want me to be happy,
then don't ever speak ill of...
Jae Hyun in front of me.
I'm not sure what you're trying to say,
but no matter what you say,
I will trust Jae Hyun.
Even if...
he did do something really bad,
I'm the one who must embrace him.
If you keep doing this,
you will ruin all of our good memories.
So Pil,
will you please stop this?
This is the last time I come to see you...
late at night like this.
I came to tell you that.
Goodbye, then.
- I'm here! - Goodness.
- Guys! - Goodness, sir.
You're drunk again.
Yes, I am. That's why I'm here.
I'm sleeping over tonight.
Sir, you cannot go in.
We really don't have any rooms tonight.
I'll take you back to your house. Let's go.
Do you know how scary my wife is?
You always tell me to go home.
- I'm sleeping over. - Goodness.
Sir, your wife is in there right now.
What? My wife?
- Go. - Goodbye, then.
- Yes, hurry up. - Yes.
Be careful.
Will he be all right? This isn't his first time.
Of course.
And stop drinking!
Hey, Manhole.
I really...
have to go back.
Are you telling me to just live this life?
Let's see who will become the last one standing.
Let's do this.
Darn it.
I couldn't travel back in time again.
If this goes on, it'll all end here.
Goodness.
Oh, gosh.
I'm so sleepy.
Regardless, I should still sleep at home.
My gosh.
Why can't I seem to get sober? My gosh.
I'll never drink again.
Mr. Cheon, that darned man.
What's going on?
Hey, please stop.
Of course.
Yes.
Yes, sure. Jung Ae.
Good night, and dream of me.
I mean, have a pig dream.
It's for good luck.
Yes, good night.
What's that?
Hey, Goo Gil.
Hey, Pil.
This guy here is beating someone up.
- An assault? - Yes, exactly.
Where are you right now?
I'm at the back alley of the supermarket.
Pil.
Give me a second.
- Are you all right? - I'm sorry.
Look at your face. Goodness.
What do you want?
Hello? Goo Gil. Goo Gil.
Can you hear me?
What's going on?
Are you okay?
Goo Gil.
Goo Gil. Goo Gil!